Smart contracts are becoming more and more powerful and important.

One area of interest is the use of SCs in inter-organizational processes (choreographies).

This includes business contracts or other agreements between different parties.

However, these types of real-world contracts have certain constraints for visibility and privacy:

businesses might not be willing to publicly disclose their contracts’ terms,

participants may not want everyone to know who they are dealing with,

and the actual content of contracts might be confidential.

These constraints have not been adequately tackled yet on both a conceptual as well as a technical level.

Research Question: How can we realize real-world visibility and privacy constraints with smart contracts?




Investigative Questions:

Which constraints and real-world use cases are there?

contraints: 
limited computational power of smart contract
limited financial power to execute a smart contract
We do not trust the other participants
limited knowledge about techology
we do not trust the other users
we do not trust a central authority



Are Hyperledger Fabric, Corda or Quorum able to implement specific constraints?

Hyperledger fabric: 
permission based consensus blockchain
has chaincode
Fabric can run JS and Go on chain
Hyperledger seems to have fairly few nodes and is for industry
few and powerful nodes?	
Hyperledger sawooth does not seem to have ACTIVE choreographies (no enforcement)
So many projects... :(
hyperledger composer: A tool for collaboration


Can we use Parity private contracts?

We do not quite understand how parity works
How does the contract know that the state-change was actually signed? 



What is the state-of-the-art regarding zkSNARKs, homomorphic encryption, for example on Ethereum?

Homomorphic encryption would use to much computational power
there is a client for zkSNARKS
zkSNARKs also used in ZCash
	seems to be new, because most wallets do not support z-addresses
	uses Zerocash protocol
	is computationally expensive
	takes up a lot of memory to generate


How can we use voting mechanisms to propagate valid state changes without disclosing the state?

We might also use ring signatures for that voting process
Can we just have one ring with all participants?
Only people who are activly involved in a tranaction know what is going on
everyone else just signes it
This way we only have to store one public key on chain
also this could solve who is sending what
we do not have to save the addresses of the senders anymore (just the ring signature)
we can just send any message to the smart contract on chain
if the message was signed with the ring signature, we know that everything is good
